Add Amplitude Session ID Info #3972 (#4080)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-amplitude/index.md

### Enable session tracking for Analytics.js 2.0

> Session tracking is automatically enabled on JavaScript sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JavaScript sources automatically enable session tracking.
```

> The session ID Segment passes to Amplitude is stored locally in a key-value pair. You can access the session ID by viewing the value associated with the `analytics_session_id` key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The session ID Segment passes to Amplitude stores locally in a key-value pair. View the value associated with the `analytics_session_id`key to access the session ID. 
```
